Fix TicketExistsError (#4919)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/4918.bugfix.rst

> Locks for tickets in the ``TicketLockStore`` are immediately issue without a redundant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locks for tickets in the ``TicketLockStore`` are immediately issued without a redundant
```

> Locks for tickets in the ``TicketLockStore`` are immediately issued without a redundant

Author: ```suggestion
Locks for tickets in ``LockStore`` are immediately issued without a redundant
```
